their prices have risen by a stunning
650 percent in just six months and show
no signs of stopping serigraphs that
silkscreen prints of original
masterpieces are emerging is one of the
hottest new forms of art investment
Natasha Thomas reports on why you could
consider buying one next time you visit
a gallery for long they have been the
answer to Wars of art lovers who just
can't afford to scale the skyrocketing
prices of original masterpieces but now
they have also caught the fancy of art
investors not to be confused with
digital pins serigraphs herself screen
prints of original masterpieces made in
collaboration with artists in India
serigraphs are primarily printed by the
serigraph studio based in Mumbai
according to them cost of sale grass
could be as high as 5 percent of the
cost of the original serigraphs of works
by acclaimed artists SS rasa are
available at approximately 90,000 an
original Rezo cost anywhere between 50
lakh rupees upwards Geoghan Chaudhary
serigraphs can be acquired at 60,000 to
90,000 rupees
the paintings cost between 30 lakh to 75
lakh rupees Ram Kumar serigraphs are
available at 1.5 lakh rupees his
paintings are valued at over 60 lakh
rupees aparato since allograft sells for
36 thousand rupees compared to his
canvas price of rupees 12 to 15 lakhs
most of these hair grafts were launched
earlier this year at just 12 thousand
rupees each
definitely serigraph so any other kind
of artist friends are advisable finally
art collector to buy even from the point
of view of investment simply because
it's a limited edition
and as the Edition gets sold out the
price always appreciates and once the
Edition is fully sold out then the
secondary market comes into play so it's
always an upswing in terms of prices
serigraph works by Indian artists are
primarily printed in European countries
like UK France and Germany by art
publishers each print is numbered and
authenticated by the artists with
Messiah Graf prints coming out in
limited editions in Mumbai and Natasha
well up next on get a life we cater to
now moving on their prices have risen by
a stunning 650 percent in just six
months I'm sure you don't know what I'm
talking about
well there's sorry graphs or silkscreen
prints of original masterpieces and they
are emerging is one of the hottest new
forms of art investment and Asha Thomas
paints the details for long they have
been the answer to Wars of art lovers
who just can't afford to scale the
skyrocketing prices of original
masterpieces but now they have also
caught the fancy of art investors not to
be confused with digital prints
serigraphs herself screen prints of
original masterpieces made in
collaboration with artists in India
serigraphs are primarily printed by the
serigraph studio based in Mumbai
according to them cost of sale grass
could be as high as 5 percent of the
cost of the original serigraphs of works
by claim artists SS rasa are available
at approximately 90,000 you can use
animation as a cost anywhere between 50
lakh rupees upwards Shogun Chaudhary
serigraphs can be acquired at 60,000 to
90,000 rupees
the paintings cost between 30 lakh to 75
lakh rupees Ram Kumar serigraphs are
available at 1.5 lakh rupees his
paintings are valued at over 60 lakh
rupees a parrot or seen Telegraph sells
for 36 thousand rupees compared to his
canvas price of rupees 12 to 15 lakhs
most of these saris were launched
earlier this year at just 12 thousand
rupees each
definitely sorry grouse or any other
kind of artist friends are advisable for
any art collector to buy even from the
point of view of investment simply
because it's a limited edition
and as the Edition gets sold out the
price always appreciates and once the
Edition is fully sold out then the
secondary market comes into play so it's
always an upswing in terms of prices
Saratov folks by Indian artists are
primarily printed in European countries
like UK France and Germany by art
publishers each print is numbered and
authenticated by the artists with most
high draft prints coming out in limited
editions in Mumbai and Natasha Thomas
well I mean Kay you're using a laptop
but I'm using a blackberry though I'm
told
u.s. people our companies could be sued
because these have been proven to be as
addictive as drugs also this is the
watercooler of the 21st century watch I
don't believe a word of it we will tell
you about it at India business stuff all
right stay tuned
you